(epic theme playing)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
♪
(theme concludes)
(tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
Tyroshi captain:
These are our terms.
One hundred of your
golden dragons.
- Tyland Lannister: Per ship?
- (captain chuckles)
captain:
Per man.
Tyland: I could not produce
such a coin.
even if
I wanted to.
Myrish captain:
Again. you plead poverty.
It is hollow stuff
from the mouth of a Lannister.
Whose very stables
and sculleries
are carved into
a mountain of gold.
And we will need it
before this war is done.
Break the blockade
and it will benefit you.
Do you think that we lack
for buyers
for our tapestries
and perfumes?
We sell where
we please.
blockade or no.
Essos is as rich
as it is vast.
It seems you need us
more than we need you.
- (sighs)
- (indistinct chatter)
The Stepstones.
(scoffs)
What of them?
Give us the Stepstones.
A smattering
of rocks...
hardly a sacrifice
to the lords of Westeros.
I... Those rocks have been
disputed for a generation.
Your...
pirates have waylaid ships.
taken slaves. cargo...
Give them to us outright.
if you prevail.
and all that
will cease.
We will impose
a simple tax
on those
passing through.
Recoup the losses
we took fighting
- the Velaryon hordes.
- Tyland: Extortion.
You will drive up
the price of basic goods.
It is better than
starving. surely.
Myrish captain: A fleet of warships. then.
sailing at your command.
- They would break the blockade...
- Tyland: Hm.
...and hold
the passage.
Very well.
The prince regent may
have me hanged for this.
With the armada
we send now.
you can topple
the prince regent
and sit
the Iron Throne yourself.
- (grunts)
- Myrish captain: Of course. there is one more condition.
(sighs)
Tyland:
I was...
rather set on a bath
and a flagon of wine.
Myrish captain:
The commander of our fleet
must agree
to go with you.
His name is Lohar.
The sailors are fiercely loyal to him.
If. if he does
not lead them.
they will not fight.
Very well.
Let us meet this
commander then.
(clears throat. grunts)
- (flies buzzing)
- (indistinct chatter)
Admiral Lohar...
this is
Tyland Lannister.
of Casterly Rock.
Well met.
Lord Tywin.
Uh...
it's Tyland.
What sort of
man are you?
- I beg your pardon?
- A poet...
a philosopher?
I am the master of ships
at King's Landing.
- You're thin.
- But also tall.
I will not sail with a man
who cannot best me.
(quiet laughter)
(indistinct chatter)
At. at what?
(tense music playing)
(grumbles. roars)
♪
(people wailing. screaming)
(music fades out)
(Orwyle pouring tea)
Some rum wouldn't go amiss.
Your Grace.
Just a little.
(distant bell tolling)
You're a good man.
Orwyle.
(door opens)
(Aegon drinking)
(birds chirping)
A word. Your Grace?
(exhales. clears throat)
(door closes)
I must ask you.
Your Grace. to steel yourself.
We must leave
King's Landing. quickly.
and we will not return
for some time.
- What?
- The Pretender has found three new riders for her dragons.
- That's impossible.
- Your brother thought the same.
He flew to challenge her
and was rebuffed.
Fled in terror.
from what I hear.
He deserves no less.
Be that as it may.
he has gone in fury to Sharp Point...
and laid waste
to the whole of the town.
Fucking mad cunt.
She really
did it then?
I fear so.
So. what was
the fucking point in all this then?
The gods are cruel.
Your Grace.
but I hope
you can see the urgency.
No. no. I am the king.
Why must I run?
Because the prince regent
is going to kill you.
You were
in danger before.
and now. he is thwarted
and he is angry.
There is no telling
what he will do.
but we have
an opportunity
- while he is away...
- An opportunity to push him out.
Take me to my throne
and once he returns.
I shall take him prisoner... hm?
And what then?
When Rhaenyra descends
on you with her seven dragons.
and you. without Vhagar.
what then?
W...
Uh...
I have.
over the years.
in anticipation of little bumps
in the road.
moved the greater part
of Harrenhal's gold reserves
to the Iron Bank
in Braavos.
We can live... well
and remain until
what is coming has passed.
(weak laughter)
Y... You want
to take me to Essos
to live with
the goatfuckers.
It's best to live.
I think.
- However you do it.
- Is it?
My dragon is dead.
I am burnt...
and disgusting...
and alone.
And I'm a cripple.
You are not alone.
My cock is destroyed.
did they tell you that?
Yeah. It burst into flames
like a sausage on the spit.
Do not despair.
Your Grace.
There are
better days ahead.
Let your brother
and the Pretender
destroy themselves
in blood and bitterness.
When they are spent.
and their armies
in tatters.
we will return.
and the people
will rise up to meet us.
I can't even piss
without it running down my leg.
They will be tired
of endless deprivation and fear.
They will hail
the returning king...
his father's true heir.
Aegon
the Victorious...
risen from the ashes.
Aegon the Peacemaker.
Aegon the Rebuilder.
Aegon. the Realm's Delight.
- (tense music playing)
- (wind blowing)
(heavy breathing)
(water flowing)
(gasps)
♪
Ulf: This is more like it.
Hugh. don't you think?
Hugh: We're meant to be
at the training yards learnin' the commands.
Ulf:
Yeah. and I will go.
but surely they'd not deny me
my pleasure after so long.
- I may never eat fish again.
- (music fades out)
What are you
doing here?
Remove your feet
from the table.
- Ulf: I'd rather not.
- Hugh: Ulf.
It's not up
to you... Ulf.
Who's it up
to then... boy?
He is the prince. Ulf.
Prince Jacaerys Velaryon.
Right here. (chuckles)
Who'd have
thought it?
He lives here.
I'll have
an apology from you.
Ah!
The young prince!
And look
at that hair.
As dark as they say.
Let them tell us
we don't have Targaryen blood. eh?
- My mother is the queen and...
- Dragonriders both.
You and I...
cut from the same cloth.
It is a sacred inheritance of
which you know nothing.
Forgive him.
my prince.
He is not much
used to the manners of court.
Or any manners
at all. I'd say.
Do you know what has happened
this last hour. hm?
The so-called
prince regent
has burned Sharp Point
down to its stones.
Thousands of its folk
dead or lost.
Its harbor in ashes.
Will you prepare
to face such an enemy?
Or will you stay here
and make yourself easy?
If you hinder
our efforts
through sloth
or unreadiness.
I will see
you hanged.
and your body fed to the dogs
in the street.
I-I meant no disrespect.
my prince.
(indistinct chatter)
Rhaenyra Targaryen:
The new riders are a boon to us.
but now
the deed is done.
I cannot erase
my doubts.
We know little
of who they are.
and what is the strength
of their character.
Addam of Hull. at least.
is known to you.
He's a shipwright
in my employ.
and it is reported to me tha
he is a man of integrity.
I've had little to do with him...
to my regret.
But the beasts
have been claimed.
You now have
a great advantage.
You must strike.
quickly.
while the prince regent
mulls his next action.
I had hoped my advantage
may be in deterrence.
Vhagar has ever been
our foremost threat.
and she is now
overmatched.
Vhagar is not
his only dragon.
W... The third brother
is untested.
has never
left Oldtown.
and his dragon is
younger than Vermax.
But a dragon
nonetheless.
And you forget another.
Helaena?
She does not ride.
She has no taste for it.
She may yet
be compelled.
- And her dragon...
- Dreamfyre.
hatched when
the Conqueror was king.
She is formidable.
Still. Helaena
is no warrior.
Aemond thought
himself invincible.
He has now discovered
he is not.
He'll be angry. desperate.
He will not stop
at burning Sharp Point.
and he will
not be denied.
You speak truly...
though I wish it
was not so.
(soft chuckle)
(indistinct chatter)
How goes
the Sea Snake?
Better than new.
We'll rejoin
the blockade on the morrow.
Let our foes beware.
be they Lannister or Greyjoy.
But... my ship is no longer
the Sea Snake.
She was a testament
to my own glory.
I've given her
a new name.
The Queen Who Never Was.
Rhaenyra:
Corlys...
I thank you.
(soft chuckle)
What I do now...
I do for her.
Your Grace.
you are ready.
You have six dragons
under your banner.
My ships sail
at your command.
and my men serve you.
But the Lannisters
are marching.
and the Hightowers
from Oldtown.
You must crush this beast
at its head
and before too many
days have flown.
There is.
of course...
another player that has yet
to be revealed.
Ah. Your Grace.
a word.
It seems the sheep
on our land has been sold upriver.
My vassals have sent
a drove of swine instead.
Dragons do eat pigs.
I assume?
Caraxes prefers them.
How goes your muster?
We'll be ready to march
in two days' time.
- See to those pigs.
- At once. Your Grace.
Your Grace... Ser Alfred Broome
has come to see you.
(laughs) Interesting.
I am sent as an emissary
from the queen.
to ascertain your movements
and your intentions.
You've arrived
just in time
to see my new
army. Broome.
What do you
think of it?
It's very large.
(Daemon chuckles softly)
Lannister hesitates.
I aim to march on King's Landing
before he can catch me.
May I have a word in private.
Your Grace?
I would speak
honestly with you.
Daemon Targaryen:
I'd expect nothing less.
Alfred Broome: I was faithful to the king.
your brother.
I pledged my banners
to Rhaenyra. his heir.
I will never serve
the usurpers
or the whelps
of Oldtown.
but there are battles
to be fought...
- voice (whispers): Traitor.
- ...and in times like this...
Did you hear
something?
This place will have you barking
at the moon.
While you have
mustered an army.
Rhaenyra
has faltered...
turning aside
from our judgment.
and taking a course.
I myself. deem reckless.
Rhaenyra will chart her own course.
for good or ill.
But you are
a leader of men.
If you declare
yourself.
your lords
will follow you.
I never took you
for a turncloak...
Ser Alfred.
Rhaenyra's
intentions are good.
But what we need.
in this moment...
is a king.
(tense music playing)
(chuckles)
(sighs)
♪
Jasper "Ironrod" Wylde:
It appears that the Pretender
sent boats to collect
those among the smallfolk
who believed they had any drop
of Targaryen blood.
Deception
and subterfuge.
Cowards. all of them.
Put an end to this madness.
Let no vessel come or go from our harbor
without our inspection.
This will hinder the work
of the fishing boats.
The people depend on them
for sustenance.
They will need
no sustenance
if they are slaughtered
by the enemy.
We must all make
our sacrifices.
Helaena Targaryen:
Why does everybody hate us?
Alicent Hightower:
They're unhappy...
and unhappy people look
for someone to hate.
We didn't order
the blockade.
No. but we are the crown.
so they expect us to break it.
Drink this.
I was happier
before I was queen.
What would you think
about leaving this place?
(birds cawing)
Where would I go?
(knocks on door)
The prince regent.
Your Grace.
Helaena. Here you are.
Mother.
- I was just. just going to bed.
- The crown has need of your service.
- Now?
- The Pretender has raised new riders against us.
and we must
answer in kind.
I need you to fly
with Dreamfyre to battle.
- Aemond.
- I do not wish to fight.
Our wishes must take
second place now
to what is necessary
to preserve the throne.
I won't burn anyone.
It isn't a question.
- Aemond.
- They have defiled our birthright.
- made commoners into dragonlords!
- Ow. ow!
- Aemond! Aemond!
- It is a sin and must be punished!
- May I remind you your sister is still the queen?
- Ow!
As you were once!
And you see now
what is the consequence
of your weakness!
We are in peril today
more than yesterday!
Was it peril that moved you to burn
the town of Sharp Point?
Peril or basest fury
at your own humiliation?
Ow!
You wish to rule
the Seven Kingdoms.
but you rain ruin and death
upon its smallfolk
when you've
been insulted
because it makes
you feel strong
and now you seek
to corrupt your sister.
of all our line.
the gentlest and most deserving
- of your protection.
- And who will protect her
if she cannot
protect herself?
And who will she be
if her mind is broken?!
'Tis no longer our rule
that is threatened.
our very lives.
- Would you not have us prevail?
- Not like this.
Not like this!
(light. tense music playing)
Grand Maester Orwyle:
Your Grace.
Grand Maester.
I must again request
your assistance.
I need passage.
And your discretion.
(solemn music playing)
- (quiet chatter)
- (ambient nature sounds)
Gwayne Hightower: Do you think
nothing of your oath...
Lord Commander?
I think of nothing
else. my lord.
Steward's son
from Dorne
fucking the queen
of the Seven Kingdoms.
Former queen.
She has broken no oath.
for all I may have done.
- I could send you to the Wall.
- You could.
Stain the Hightower name
for a generation.
- King's mother and his Hand.
- She is my sister.
(inhales)
She saved my life.
Twice.
Once from the headsman's axe
and once from myself.
Since then. she has been
the beacon I follow.
Do not think I have
no shame in me. ser.
Desire for women
has brought me grief after grief.
- Gwayne: Then resist it.
- (Criston chuckles softly)
Oh. would that
it were so simple.
Your brothers
in the Kingsguard find a way.
Do they?
Mm. perhaps
they do.
Or perhaps all men
are corrupt...
and true honor is a mist
that melts in the morning.
That is a bleak philosophy.
I have no philosophy.
Or rather.
my philosophy was this.
To protect
the righteous
and dispense justice
on the rest.
But now...
You saw what I saw.
The dragons dance.
and men are like dust under their feet.
And all our fine thoughts.
all our... endeavors
are as nothing.
We march now toward
our annihilation.
To die will be
a kind of relief.
Don't you think?
(unsettling music playing)
- (Sharako yells)
- (crowd cheering)
(heavy breathing. grunts)
- (crowd shouting)
- (Sharako laughing)
(crowd shouting. laughing)
(Tyland yells. pants)
(Tyland grunting)
(Sharako laughs)
(yells. grunts)
(heavy breathing)
(groaning)
(laughs)
(crowd chanting "Lohar")
(grunting)
(crowd quiets)
- (grunts)
- (Sharako yelps)
(heavy breathing)
(all silent)
(spits)
You have impressed me.
Lord Tyman.
King's Landing has sent
a most doughty ambassador.
(panting)
I hope... you will testify to the worth
of the ambassador...
by agreeing to his most
(pants) humble request.
I will
most certainly consider it.
(spits)
After dinner.
Have you ever eaten
the flesh of your enemies?
(panting)
What?
I have not
and I would not.
So you reject
the hospitality of my house.
- (laughs)
- (crowd laughs)
A jest. my lord.
(laughing)
What do you take me for?
A jest!
Come.
- (grunts)
- (crowd yells. laughs)
(nearby dragon grumbles)
It does not befit
a prince to pout.
I'm not pouting.
What would you
call it. then?
- I'm reading.
- While your mother waits?
You're angry.
Aren't you?
I don't see what
good it would do.
They are an insult to us.
To what makes us
Targaryens.
If any common lout
can ride a dragon.
- then...
- That does not make me common. Or you.
- You know what I am.
- I don't care.
You are
the crown prince.
the son of
the rightful queen.
and here you are sulking
because you believe that
if not for the dragon
or the trappings
of your station.
that you are nothing.
(chuckles) Do you believe
that you are the first noble heir
who was not sired
by his noble father?
Such is the way
of the world. Jace.
and in resenting it.
you only diminish yourself.
Easy enough
to say.
I've heard the whispers
the whole of my life.
Then prove to them
that you are worthy.
Get up
and take your place
by your mother's side.
(light. tense music playing)
(wind blowing)
(shivering)
♪
Tyland (singing halfheartedly):
♪ Here come my lads. my comely boys ♪
♪ And split your sacks ashore ♪
♪ For you'll be
sail-sailing many days ♪
♪ Afore you get
some more ♪
♪ So grease the mast
and send it up ♪
♪ Betwixt the wind
and water ♪
♪ Hoist. me lads.
and hoist again ♪
♪ Salute the captain's
daughter ♪
Well done.
Lord Tyrod!
Good song.
well delivered.
(indistinct chatter)
(futilely)
It's Tyland.
You have proven yourself
most accommodating.
And more accomplished
than one would think. to look at you.
Hm. Well... Hm.
I will be pleased
to sail at your side.
- Oh.
- And my captains with me.
(chattering stops)
To the Gullet
on the morrow!
(all cheering)
And let the Sea Snake
rue the day
we meet again.
(all cheering)
Ya! My king will
be well pleased.
To friendship!
(cheering)
(percussive music playing)
(indistinct chatter)
It is late.
(Tyland clears throat)
Oh!
Before you go...
Lord Tyland.
Mm.
You are
a handsome man.
and you have proven
your worth and virility.
I wish to have
children by you.
(stammers) You. you...
You want me to...
Indeed.
I want you
to fuck my wives.
How many wives
do you have?
Ulf: (gulps)
More wine here!
Taming a dragon
is thirsty work.
Oh. and some more
of these little birds.
(sighs)
Rhaenyra:
A toast.
To our new riders.
The three of you
are not of noble birth.
but you have done a thing
never dreamed of before now.
- (Ulf chuckling)
- (Jacaerys sighs)
I have entrusted you
with a power only few have known.
And I charge you to take it up
with fealty and respect.
Serve me well. and I will make you
knights of the realm.
Huh? What do you think
of that. boys?
We'll be knights...
just like that.
We will not fail you.
my queen.
What must we do?
I had thought the mere
fact of you might stay the enemy's hand.
But Lord Corlys
is right.
We must strike while
we have the advantage...
and end this war.
Learn your beasts
and your commands.
You will fly
in two days' time.
The strongholds of the usurper.
Oldtown and Lannisport.
and their armies.
all must be subdued.
Alone. without allies.
he will have no choice but to surrender.
You wish for us
to kill innocents.
- And so many.
- Jacaerys Velaryon: It is hard...
but it cannot
be helped.
(Ulf grunts)
We must break the will
of our enemy...
or more will die
in a struggle
that stretches
on without end.
What about Vhagar?
She is fearsome...
but she is one dragon.
The prince regent cannot
defend against all of us.
I'll take him on myself.
Silverwing's a goer. she is.
- We're afraid of nothing.
- Addam of Hull: Hm.
- Even if you are.
- There will be time enough
to see which one
of us is a coward.
I said more of
these little birds!
A knight will comport himself
with grace at the queen's table.
Best make me a knight. then.
You forget yourself...
friend.
(scoffs)
A sense of humor
would do you all good.
(footsteps approach)
(whispers) There is a message from Harrenhal.
Your Grace.
Daemon?
The castellan.
Ser Simon Strong.
Daemon has raised
his army...
- but Ser Simon fears treachery.
- (sighs)
I will not allow it.
Addam...
come with me.
Ulf: Thank you.
Birds.
(water dripping)
Do you never sleep. witch?
I'm goin'
to the godswood.
(wind blowing)
(antlered human shape
clip-clopping. grumbles)
(eerie music playing)
When you came here.
you were a closed fist.
You wished to bend
the world to your will.
But you've discovered.
I think. that...
this world will
not be governed.
There are omens here
for those who seek them.
You do not scoff?
- I'm no longer inclined to.
- (Alys chuckles)
I'm pleased to hear it.
♪
Do you wish. then.
to learn what is given to you?
All your life.
you have sought to command
your own fate.
(grabs Daemon's hand)
But today you are ready.
♪
(bark crackling)
(music intensifies)
(crackling)
(raven cawing)
♪
(soldiers fighting)
(explosion booms)
(light music playing)
(dragon calls. screeches)
♪
(powerful music playing)
Helaena (echoes):
It's all a story...
and you are but
one part in it.
You know your part.
- (music fades out)
- (wind blowing)
(bark crackling)
You know what you must do.
(footsteps approach)
Sister.
We share
the same blood.
you and I.
I know you wish
no harm to anyone.
But in a time
like this.
when the good
of the realm depends on us...
Our mother is not
a dragonrider.
She cannot understand
that you and I have
a truer call to heed.
Come with me...
to Harrenhal?
We will lay waste
to Daemon and his army.
Let our enemy see that
we will answer outrage with outrage.
And if I refuse?
Will you burn me
as you did Aegon?
- That is a lie.
- I saw it.
You burned him
and you let him fall.
What you say is treason.
Aegon will be king again.
He's yet to see victory.
He sits on
a wooden throne.
And you...
(whispers)
you'll be dead.
You were swallowed up
in the God's Eye.
and you were
never seen again.
(light. tense music playing)
(whispers)
I could have you killed.
(softly) It wouldn't
change anything.
♪
- (intense music playing)
- (Syrax roars)
(Seasmoke roars)
(Caraxes grumbles)
(roars)
♪
(all yelling)
(singers vocalizing)
(dragons calling)
(screeches)
(roars)
♪
I am the castellan.
Ser Simon Strong. Your Grace.
Well met.
Welcome to Harrenhal.
my queen.
I did not think
to see you here yourself.
(exhales) Your message
gave me much concern.
Yes. I must admit
I had reason to fear.
But come.
see for yourself.
(Seasmoke calls)
(indistinct chatter)
(chatter quiets)
(Syrax screeching)
(roars)
(silence)
(light. tense music playing)
♪
I wasn't
expecting you.
That seems rather
a lapse in foresight.
- I see you have done well here.
- They are sworn to me.
And not a moment
too soon.
And to whom
are you sworn?
(speaking High Valyrian)
The realm's only hope...
is a leader
who can unite it
and my brother
chose... you.
(light music playing)
You are the true queen.
Rhaenyra.
First of Her Name.
Protector of the Realm.
I am meant to serve you.
and all of these with me.
until death
or the end of our story.
(music intensifies)
(music softens)
(speaking High Valyrian)
My queen.
(shouting) For every one of us
who falls...
a hundred of them!
There will be
no mercy!
We fight for our queen!
(all cheering)
(heroic music playing)
(Daemon shouting)
♪
(music softens)
(cranking)
(indistinct chatter)
(seagulls cawing)
You sent for me.
Lord Hand.
Gulls are flying
low today.
The weather
will change.
Not until late.
I think. but...
- I will ready the storm sails.
- We join the blockade.
and are like to find ourselves in peril.
sooner than late.
I wish to set out on good terms
with my first mate.
Have I been remiss
in my duties?
You've done what
is asked of you. and more.
But you are curt...
silent.
and the men
find you distant.
You cannot lead
if you do not inspire.
Well. I never asked to lead.
as you well know.
You have been given a position to
which all who serve here aspire.
Forgive me. my lord.
I will endeavor
to improve myself.
(birds cawing)
(softly)
I am trying to help you.
You want
to help me?
Is this the help
you offer after all these years?
A reminder
to be grateful?
I mean no offense.
You may go.
Do you know what
it was like for us?
To grow up
fatherless...
to be sneered upon
as bastards.
never sure of the bread
to feed us?
D-D-Do you know
what hunger does to a boy?
What grief does?
- Or shame?
- You are dismissed.
I sold fish
in the market
from cold dawn
until sunset.
putting by coppers
to stave off the winter.
and I watched the man
who sired me walk past
with his son and heir
with a fur
around his shoulders...
choosing sweetmeats
to eat after supper by the fire.
And now that boy is dead.
And his sister before him.
And the heir
that took his place.
And now. now. now
you remember I live.
Now you wish to...
suddenly to scatter
the crumbs of your favor.
I am an honorable man.
and I will serve you because I must.
But if it is
all the same.
I will decline
any offers of help.
If I survive
this war...
I will continue
as I began...
alone.
(solemn music playing)
(panting)
- (dragon calls)
- (gasps)
(tense. exciting music playing)
(dragon calls)
(music fades out)
Mysaria: You have done what
no one else would dream of.
and you have
been rewarded.
The gods
favor you.
They put the means
to victory in your hands.
And yet. to claim it.
I must strike
and in striking.
I doom thousands to their deaths.
(dragons grumbling)
I do not believe
my father would've wished this.
He left you
with no choice.
Be strong.
You know you are just.
You must not let
the Realm fall to those
who care for power
more than peace.
You must prevail.
And who pays the price?
(dragons grumbling. screeching)
(bangs on door)
Come.
(door opens)
Begging your pardon.
Your Grace.
I had to see you.
- Who knows?
- None save my protector.
He laid down his sword
at your gate.
(sighs)
I've been. I think...
mistaken.
In what?
I was raised to believe there was
an order to things.
that there was security
in following the paths laid out for us.
I resented you.
I think.
for... caring so little
for any of it.
for knowing
what you wanted.
I did not know
what I wanted.
I knew only what
was expected of me.
- Why have you come here?
- Because I lost my way.
Or rather.
it was taken from me.
All those I put
my faith in. my...
- m-my husband. my father. my lover. my son...
- Ooh.
The incorruptible queen
sullies herself
with a lover.
Do not judge me
for what you yourself have done.
Your father died.
I took comfort with another.
- I too have desires.
- Yes. but you alone made virtue your banner.
And I clung to it...
in defiance of you.
I think. who
so disdained it.
I have been
alone. of late.
I walked outside
the walls of the city
and I felt a weight
lifted from me.
- How lovely for you.
- I thought. for the first time.
what I would choose...
if not for the duty
I put before all else.
(chuckles) Shall you cast your son
down and rule alone?
No. I do not wish to rule.
I wish to live.
To be free of all
this endless plotting and striving.
The crown will pursue war
and victory at any cost.
I... (sniffles)
But as for me...
I would take my daughter
and her child and leave it all behind.
(chuckles)
It's too late... Alicent.
You said it yourself.
Blood has been shed.
cities burned.
armies march.
and you wish
to wash your hands
of what you yourself
set in motion.
Oh. the arrogance
of blaming me.
as if you would not
have been challenged regardless.
Did not your hand
bring it forth like a midwife?
I did only what
I thought your father wanted.
Oh. go then.
Leave us behind.
as you say.
(scoffs)
Rhaenyra.
- Wander in the wilderness.
- (Alicent sighs)
What has it got
to do with me?
Did you come here
thinking you would be absolved?
(sighs)
He never stopped loving your mother.
you know?
He was very fond of me.
and I of him.
but...
she was the vision
that sustained him
even after
she herself
had slipped from his grasp.
it was
his love for her
that kept him resolute
in his choice
of heir.
And yet. you believe
he wavered at the end.
Why have you come here?
(sniffles)
Aemond will soon fly to join Cole
in the Riverlands.
(deep breath)
When he's gone...
Helaena as queen will be
the crown's authority.
If you come then to King's Landing.
I will see to it
that our guards
throw down their arms.
we will open the gates.
we will shed no blood.
- You will enter as a conqueror.
- (laughs)
Already you have
the stronger hand.
Once you take the throne...
(deep breath)
this senseless war must end.
(softly)
Right.
What of Aegon?
He's broken
beyond recognition.
He lies in the dark.
in pain and terror.
He has many faults.
but...
he still heeds his mother.
I believe I can
prevail upon him
- to bend the knee. if indeed...
- No! Still...
you defend him.
Still you imagine you
can have all you want
without paying
too high a price.
- a price I had no choice but to pay.
- What I want
is to set things right.
If I am to take
the throne.
I must put an end
to the opposition.
I must take
Aegon's head.
And I have to do it
for all to see.
You know this.
However you may try to evade it.
you know this.
Choose.
(deep breath)
Will you shrink from what
you set out to do?
Or will you
see it through...
and make your sacrifice?
A son for a son.
(exhales)
(sniffles)
(sighs)
(deep breath)
(both crying softly)
You are much changed.
(sniffling) Let us be done
with this. please.
And what do I do
with you now?
You let me go.
to do what I promised.
And you fly to the Red Keep
in three days' time.
and you take
your throne.
Or you take me
for a liar.
I have neither
weapon nor armor.
My life itself
is forfeit.
I... cast myself
on the mercy of a friend
who once loved me.
History will paint
you a villain.
A cold queen...
grasping for power.
and then defeated.
Let them think
what they must.
I am at last myself...
with no ambition greater than to walk
where I please and to breathe the open air.
To die unremarked
and unnoticed...
and be free.
You speak as if
from a distant dream.
Come with me.
My part is here.
whether I will or no.
It was decided
for me long ago.
(softly)
Go.
(melancholy music playing)
(music intensifies)
(panting)
♪
(tense. anticipatory
music playing)
(roars)
♪
(panting)
(dragon grumbles)
(roars)
♪
(singers vocalizing)
(animals chattering)
♪
(vocalizing continues)
(music. vocalizing fades out)
(intense music playing)
♪
(singers vocalizing)
(music. vocalizing fades out)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-